(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Summer has come again this year.
Summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming.
A big chest is coming.
Summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming.
A big chest is coming.
A big butt is coming.
Takatan Azumo Go, Takanoy
ama.
Go, Takanoyama.
Go, go, go!
Go to the left!
Takanoyama!
He did it!
Takanoyama.
He was the most powerful.
Takanoyama is the president of
Konbashi without a doubt.
I don't want to miss the chance
to see the most powerful Takanoy
ama.
I saw him on TV.
You don't know the real fun of
sumo wrestling, do you?
Have you ever seen a real sumo
wrestler?
Sometimes I see a real sumo wrestler
walking in a yukata.
I've seen a real sumo wrestler
in a yukata.
Why don't you see a real sum
o wrestler in a yukata?
Sumo wrestling tickets are
not so easy to get.
Is that so?
I didn't know that.
If you want to see a real sum
o wrestler in a yukata, you
have to have a lot of experience.
It's my lifelong dream to see a
real sumo wrestler in a yuk
ata.
A real sumo wrestler is your lifelong
dream, isn't it?
Oh, I think I saw a real sum
o wrestler in a yukata.
Hey, where are you going?
I'm going on a patrol.
What?
It's rare for Ryo-chan
to leave soup.
It's a big summer sale in the
Kamiwari shopping district.
Sumo wrestling tickets are
on sale.
It's the end of last week.
It hasn't come out yet.
This is bad.
Ryo-san is trying to take
revenge.
Oh, no.
It's over for today.
It's too much.
What did Ryo-san do?
Don't you know?
He is a very lucky person.
Two years ago, he went to Hokka
ido.
Last year, he went to Guam for
four days.
He won a computer.
Hey!
Why are you in a hurry?
Take this.
All right, let's go.
Dirty, golden, black soap.
It's not coming out.
It's coming out again.
I did it.
Senpai, did you come back already?
Yes.
I was just walking around.
Is it okay to say that?
Oh, no.
I dropped the tickets for sumo wrestling.
What?
What happened?
What's that?
I have a big face, too.
Ryo-tsu, you are amazing.
No, I'm not.
Well, that's...
Come on.
Who wants to buy this ticket?
Sumo is a Japanese martial art.
Flowers are cherry blossoms, mountains are Mt.
Fuji.
If you don't watch sumo, you
can't be a Japanese.
You can't be a Japanese.
Hey, you!
Don't you forget the spirit of Japan?
Anyway, this is a ticket to the village.
You can't buy it with a salary
of a salaryman.
Is he here?
He's not here.
Let's go inside.
Let's go together.
Yes.
There's only one person left.
Oh, I forgot an important person.
Oh, no.
I have to invite a ramen shop owner.
Senpai, that's too much.
That's right.
I'm kidding.
I have to invite a manager who takes
care of me every day.
Manager, you're going, too, right?
Of course.
I'd love to invite you.
By the way, did you have a high
-class brandy?
You were proud of it.
No, I didn't.
The brandy you drink straight is delicious.
You can bring it to me.
All right, that's it.
Oh, no.
It's a lot of money.
I can't help it.
I'm excited.
He's a great person.
That's right.
He has a big national flag.
That's a Japanese national flag.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
She's so beautiful.
A lot of foreigners are coming to see
you.
The popularity of Osmo is quite international.
It's a great honor to be able
to see it in person.
By the way, who did you get it
from?
By the way, the other day, someone gave
me a ticket to see
it in person.
Giku.
That's right.
It was a uniform police officer.
What?
So what?
What's wrong with that?
If you don't like the tic
ket, you can go home.
No, no.
It doesn't matter what the uniform
is.
It doesn't change the fact that we
can see Osmo.
That's great.
I really appreciate your hospitality.
Then let's go.
You all have tickets, right?
Yes.
All right.
Don't be late for me.
My ticket.
Hey!
Wait!
You idiot!
Ha-ha-ha!
Ryo-goku's wind is
doing a good thing.
Now, the three of us can watch it
slowly.
Leave that guy alone.
Let's go.
Yes, sir.
Huh?
Hey, look at that!
What?
Yay!
Sumida River's flow was so strong
that I was saved.
Did you jump into the Sumida River?
Of course I did!
I can't afford to lose that precious
ticket.
Man, he's unbelievable.
Oh, he's doing it!
He's doing it!
Yeah, a live show is great.
A live show.
Here it is.
Wow, it's pretty small.
Well, it's close to the surface, so
it's fine.
Huh?
What's that?
It's a snack and a drink.
Oh, that's very thoughtful of you.
As expected of Masseki.
I heard you can get souvenirs on
your way home.
There's also a brandy from the
president.
This is going to be a great party.
I didn't come here to have a
party.
I came here to watch a live show.
Wow, that's a great binoculars.
It's a must-have.
Hey, boss, you're smart.
Let me see it.
Wait, wait, I'll go first.
Huh?
Who gave you this great seat?
That again?
All right, all right, I'll show you.
Thank you, thank you.
Oh, oh, oh.
I guess second-floor seats aren
't good for you.
Yeah.
Oh, it's the blonde cutie from
earlier.
If you don't want to see my
pants, give them back to me.
It's fine, it's not like I
'm going to lose weight.
That's not the problem.
Well, well, let's have a toast.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I forgot.
Cheers!
Hey, did you forget something?
Huh?
What?
You know, to thank Dr. Ryotsu.
I guess that's what you normally do.
What are you talking about?
Oh, is that so?
Oh, wait, wait.
Hey, this guy's in a bad mood.
I'm going home first, so I'll
give you a souvenir.
All right, I'll tell you, I'll
tell you, I'll tell you.
To thank Dr. Ryotsu.
Cheers!
From now on, this is Takanoy
ama, Oh, look, look!
It's Takanoyama, it's
Takanoyama.
When you see it in person, you can
see the tension in his body.
I can't wait to see Musumi
no.
1.
That's right.
What kind of big move will the two
of them show us?
I'm looking forward to it.
I see.
So this is Makunouchi B
ento.
Why don't you calm down a little
and look at the sumo?
I skipped lunch.
Can I have some sushi for Reiko?
Yes, you can.
Sorry.
Senpai, he's eating silently.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's better to give him food and
leave him alone.
East.
Mayu no Umi.
Mayu no Umi is a two
-digit number, so he's really
fired up.
Unlike on TV, I can feel his spirit.
Go for it!
That's it!
Push!
Hey, Mucho.
Can you take this?
Shut up!
Can you eat this piece of yak
itori?
Don't call me that.
Oh, no!
It's over!
Mayu no Umi!
It's an amigasou!
Amigasou!
I've never seen that before!
You idiot!
You didn't see the match!
But if I ate it, you'd get
mad!
I wouldn't get mad over something like
that!
You're such a...
You're so meticulous!
What did you say?!
That's enough!
I'm going to the bathroom!
What a guy!
He's such a jerk!
He just missed the first ball, and now
he's making a scene.
That's true.
The manager was looking forward to the first
ball.
Why don't you watch it on TV
when you get home?
Then you wouldn't know why I came
here.
Hey, who did you come here for?
Oh, there you go again.
You're the one who hit Fukub
iki, aren't you?
You're late, Manager.
Are you lost somewhere?
In the end, I'm the one who
has to take care of things.
Huh?
Who are you?
Oh, sorry.
Are you okay?
There's been a lot of fishing damage
lately, so be careful.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Are you hurt?
I'm fine.
It's nothing.
Is that so?
I'm really sorry.
Huh?
That's strange.
I thought it came out of this area.
Oh, I'm in trouble.
I'm in trouble.
No matter where I look from the entrance,
it looks the same.
Is something wrong?
Oh, no.
I don't know where I'm supposed
to be.
Manager!
Huh?
Over here!
Oh, Ryuzu!
Oh, I just got here.
Is that so?
There's been a lot of fishing damage
in the ship today, so be careful.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you for your hard work.
No, I was just about to get lost.
Come on, let's go back.
Hey, Ryuzu.
Ryuzu.
I'm right in front of the store.
Let's go buy some souvenirs for
today's practice.
Oh, hurry up.
We're already in the second half of
the game.
Yeah, what should I buy?
Oh, I have an idea.
Takanoyama's is really big.
Yeah, this isn't bad.
If it's a high-end product,
it'll sell a lot to the women
in the office.
Oh, this military badge is pretty good.
I'll buy one as a souvenir.
Oh, sorry.
How much is this?
Huh?
What is it, Chief?
Is something wrong?
I don't have a wallet.
That's strange.
I'm sure...
I don't like this.
Didn't you leave it at home and
forget it?
No way.
I bought a ticket and got on the
train.
Oh, well.
I'll lend it to you.
But I won't take any interest.
Huh?
What is it?
This isn't my wallet.
Oh!
That's my...
That's my wallet.
Huh?
Wait a minute.
It's a woman's wallet.
It's Suri!
Suri, someone come!
What?
Idiot!
No, no!
Where's Suri?
It's her!
It's her, Suri!
Huh?
I said no!
Come on!
Chief!
Let's run!
Wait!
You two!
Stop!
B-but...
Why do I have to run, too?
Ryozu!
What's going on?
What the hell is this?
I don't know, either.
I know!
It's that time!
That woman!
She's blaming Suri for everything!
Damn it!
Where is she?
She should be around here somewhere.
Ryozu!
Explain yourself!
Wait!
No!
At this rate, we'll both get caught!
Chief!
For the sake of justice, please sacrifice yourself
a little!
What?
What did you say?
Ah!
It's a flying saucer!
Where?
I'm sorry!
Oh!
Wait!
They're both so slow.
I wonder what they're doing.
I hope they're not getting lost together.
If it's those two, it's possible,
so I'm scared.
Should I go look for them?
No, it's fine.
I'll be back soon.
Anyway, it's only now that we can
eat our lunch.
That's right.
Hey!
Oh, Ryo-chan!
Senpai, what are you doing?
Move, move, move, move!
A typhoon!
How rude!
Let's go!
Yes, sir!
This is Three, right?
No!
That's not it!
But you're his friend, right?
That's why I'm...
Ugh!
You don't understand!
Where is he?
Where is that blond guy?
I sacrificed the chief.
No matter where he is, I'm going
to catch him!
There he is!
Oh!
Sorry!
Are you okay?
Huh?
Yes.
It's Three!
That's Three!
Oh, my God!
Oh!
We're under arrest!
Wait!
Senpai!
Help!
Wait for me!
Ryo-chan, what are you doing?
I got you, Three!
Damn it!
I can't let you get away!
Oh, no!
You bastard!
Get your dirty hands off me!
Shut up!
You were arrested by me, Three's right
-hand man!
You're under arrest!
What are you talking about?
You're Three's right-hand man!
Let go of that girl!
Hey, let go of me!
Three is this blonde girl!
What?
There's no way she's Three!
You're worse than her!
Don't judge me by my face!
She's not Three!
She was trying to save me!
What?
Three is that girl!
That's right!
But...
What?
Where's the evidence?
Damn it!
Wait a minute.
What are you doing?
See?
That's what I'm talking about!
Ryo!
You!
You abandoned me!
Well, well, well.
For the sake of justice, you have to
make some sacrifices, don't you?
Besides, if you ran that much, you wouldn
't be able to exercise, would you?
What?
No way.
Why did you put so many of them
in my jacket?
You have a cute face, and you're
good at this.
Th-That's my wallet!
I wasn't careless!
Even if you told me to...
B...
You always cause me so much trouble.
How could you say that, Chief?
Well, I might be the type of guy
but at least I'm not the type
of guy who loses his wallet.
How could you say that?
You put so many of your wallets
in my pocket, and I didn't even
notice!
What did you say?
Ow!
My pants are going to break!
Chief, hurry up!
All that's left is Musubi
No.
1.
It's the final match between Yokos
una.
This is bad.
At least we have to watch it.
Ryotsu, we'll talk later.
Hurry up!
We have to focus on the main event.
We have to watch it no matter what!
He totally forgot with my ticket!
Well, I guess it was worth it.
If I could watch this match, it was
worth coming all the way here.
Go!
There!
What?
I can't see anything.
Chief!
Here!
I can't see anything!
Let go!
I can't believe that No.
1...
What?
What's going on?
It's over.
I'll never be able to see with
my eyes again.
It was a great match.
What a waste.
In this match, the winner is Takah
iko Takahiko Takanoyama
Takanoyama You're so annoying.
What's your grudge against me?
You just came here, but you're always
talking about trivial things.
What did you say?
No.
1 You bastard!
You bastard!
What did you say?
You're fired!
I'll fire you!
That's too much, That's too much,
Chief!
Shut up!
What did you say?
Hey, what are you doing?
Oh, the big game has begun here, too.
Go, go, go!
Hey, what are you doing?
It can't be helped.
I have to leave them alone until the
game is over.
But...
I shouldn't have come this time.
Red, stop!
Blue, advance!
What?
Is that common sense?
Are you guys keeping that common sense?
All right!
I'll guide you to safety!
Next time, on Evacuat
ion, Rampage, and the Big Expl
osion!
Look forward to it!
Please watch again.